Add to the note about Azure AD permission recommendations (#507)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/authentication-permissions-and-global-configuration/authentication-config/configure-azure-ad.md

:::note

> Rancher doesn't validate the permissions you grant to the app in Azure. This means you are free to try any permissions you want, just ensure that they are sufficient for Rancher to work with AD users and groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher doesn't validate the permissions you grant to the app in Azure.  You're free to try any permissions you want, as long as they allow Rancher to work with AD users and groups.
```

> Specifically, Rancher needs to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, Rancher needs permissions that allow the following actions:
```

> - Get a user
> - List all users
> - List groups of which a given user is a member
> - Get a group
> - List all groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get a user.
- List all users.
- List groups of which a given user is a member.
- Get a group.
- List all groups.
```

Author: Out of curiosity, why do we need periods at ends of list items? These aren't sentences...
Also, should I add them below where I list example permission combinations?

Reviewer: The style guide we use specifies using a period at the end of each list item if at least one of the list items can be read as a sentence, even if they're very short.

> Rancher performs these actions either to log a user in or run user/group search. Keep in mind that the permissions must be of type Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher performs these actions either to log in a user or to run a user/group search. Keep in mind that the permissions must be of type `Application`.
```
